Updated Projects List for Fall 2019 (#271)
rit-sse/OneRepoToRuleThemAll: app/markdown/projects.md

Slack: `#proj-rit-go`

Meetings: Thursdays at 3:30pm

### HoloCube

Project HoloCube uses a Microsoft Hololens Mixed-Reality headset to show a user steps to solve a real rubiks cube!

Slack: `#proj-holocube`

Meetings: Fridays 12pm - 1pm

### Job App Tracker

Applying to jobs is hard and confusing. In today's market, we have to apply to dozens and dozens of jobs (or more!). Job App Tracker is trying to solve the problem of keeping track of all the applications you submit.

Slack: `#proj-job-app-tracker`

Meetings: Thursdays at 12pm

### gueSSE who

gueSSE who is the classic "Guess Who?" game but with SSE members!

Slack: `#proj-guesse-who`

Meetings: Fridays 3pm - 4pm

### Project Interviewy

Today's interview procedures are designed to help narrow down applicants for companies, however they do not accurately represent the job or us as Software Engineers. This project aims to explore new ways companies can use interview applicants more accurately.

Slack: `#proj-interviewy`

Meetings: TBD

### Project Course Planner - 2.0

> We are resurecting the popular Plan Your Courses project and for an SSE first, collaboring with the Computer Science House by integrating Course Planner with their famous [Schedule Maker](https://schedule.csh.rit.edu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are resurrecting the popular Plan Your Courses project and for an SSE first, collaborating with the Computer Science House by integrating Course Planner with their famous [Schedule Maker](https://schedule.csh.rit.edu)
```

Slack: `#proj-course-planner`

Meetings: TBD - See Slack for Details

Past Projects
-------------

### [Project BCI](https://github.com/rit-sse/proj-BCI)

Creating a brain-computer interface using a commercial EEG sensor.

### [Tour Waving Robot](https://github.com/rit-sse/robo-waver) 

Creating a robot to wave at all the tours that pass our lab space.

### [Auto Notetaker](https://github.com/rit-sse/AutoNotation)

Establishing a system to create notes from audio recordings.

### VRioWare

> Building upon the ideas of WarioWare, VRioWare will use microgames in a quick sucession in a VR view. 

Author: ```suggestion
Building upon the ideas of WarioWare, VRioWare will use microgames in a quick succession in a VR view. 
```
